 The 'Apply with SEEK' option will be utilized for International applicants, mainly Australia. If this does not apply to you please use the 'Apply' option.Taking care of people is at the heart of everything we do, and we start by taking care of you, our valued colleague. A career at Sedgwick means experiencing our culture of caring. It means having flexibility and time for all the things that are important to you. It’s an opportunity to do something meaningful, each and every day. It’s having support for your mental, physical, financial and professional needs. It means sharpening your skills and growing your career. And it means working in an environment that celebrates diversity and is fair and inclusive.A career at Sedgwick is where passion meets purpose to make a positive impact on the world through the people and organizations we serve. If you are someone who is driven to make a difference, who enjoys a challenge and above all, if you’re someone who cares, there’s a place for you here. Join us and contribute to Sedgwick being a great place to work.Great Place to Work®Top 100 Most Loved Workplace®Forbes Best-in-State EmployerRegistered Nurse - TelehealthJoin Australia's leading Corporate Telehealth provider offering support to employees in managing their illness or injury, utilizing our best practice system to guide you. The services provided extend to injury management and claims management.We are looking for a Part Time Registered Nurse to cover 3-4 shifts per week on a Friday 10am - 7pm, Saturday 7am - 4pm &amp; Monday 12pm -9pm. This is a Hybrid role with our office based in North Sydney with the potential to work from home following your initial training.What Are My AccountabilitiesAnswering inbound calls to record absences and injuriesProvide immediate health advice and triage assessment Follow up with employees to offer guidance and supportReferral coordination of medical and allied health appointments with a network across AustraliaAct as point of escalation for customers to investigate cases, follow up casesAbout YouCan work independentlyExperience in nursing or injury management and workers compensationLikes a fast paced, but relaxed and fun environment Why Sedgwick?Sedgwick is a leading global provider of technology-enabled risk, benefits, and integrated business solutions. We are committed to providing excellent service to our clients and are passionate about helping them through difficult times.With such a wide range of services, across multiple business units, we are sure to have an opportunity available that will align with what you are looking for!Sedgwick is an Equal Opportunity Employer.If you’re excited about this role but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, consider applying for it anyway! Sedgwick is building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace and recognizes that each person possesses a unique combination of skills, knowledge, and experience. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles. Show more 