 Artisan Aesthetic Clinics is a division within Sonic Healthcare Limited, a leading healthcare organisation committed to excellence in the delivery of medical services and medical leadership. We are known for our talented team of clinicians who have decades of experience in delivering a wide range of advanced aesthetic treatment combinations in a safe and caring environment, ensuring our clients receive the very best results on their skin journeys.We are seeking experienced Cosmetic Nurses (RNs) who are passionate about educating clients on all aspects of their skin health, and who are able to perform advanced aesthetic treatments intended to deliver exceptional client results.Master the Artistry of You®.So what can you expect? Sophisticated and modern clinics across 17 locations. State of the art aesthetic devices, premium cosmetic injectables and luxury skincare products. Holistic range of treatments, including advanced modalities such as PRP, PDO Threads and injectable stimulators. Consultative approach, partnering with clients to tailor individualised treatment plans. Ongoing professional development through our in-house Artisan Aesthetic Academy. A Clinical Governance Committee whose purpose is to ensure the safest possible outcomes for clients and team members whilst driving a culture of continuous improvement. What You’ll Bring To The TeamRegistered Nurse with unrestricted registration with AHPRA. Minimum of 2 years cosmetic injecting experience. Ability to assess, plan and effectively communicate the benefits of an indvidualised treatment plan informed by evidence-based practice and your clinical expertise. A passion for collaboration and a desire to collectively achieve exceptional client outcomes. A team player eager to join a team of motivated, passionate clinicians with clear objectives. Excellent verbal and non-verbal communication skills. What’s In It For YouAbove award base rates with generous commission and reward structure. Direct employment relationship ensuring access to annual, personal, and paid parental leave. Access to team member treatments and products. Clinical skill and knowledge progression via our proprietary Artisan Aesthetic Acadamy. Support via industry-leading and proprietary cosmetic in-clinic software. Ongoing learning and development supported by external providers. Attendance at industry events and conferences. Up to $1000 off your net childcare cost per year. Access to fitness passport with gym facilities nation wide. Regular team social events. And more We are an equal opportunity employer and welcome diversity in the workplace. Show more 