 Employment Type: Permanent Part Time or Full TimePosition Classification: Registered NurseRemuneration: $70,049.73 per annum, pro rata (+ super + 17.5% leave loading where applicable)Hours per Week: up to 38Requisition ID: REQ472967Applications Close: 3 April 2024Vaccination Category: AOutstanding Experience. Infinite Opportunities.Here in the Riverina, we treasure your nursing skills and experience and we’re ready to roll out the red carpet to welcome you to town. We’ve prepared oodles of goodies to help you move and settle in, including:Salary packaging up to $20,600 per annum tax free for living expenses! Take advantage of novated leasing a new car!Relocation assistance and accommodation support considerationsSubsidised gym and leisure centre membership for you and your familyFree confidential counselling services for you and your familyCraving a fresh start somewhere new and actually interesting? Join the incredible team in the Murrumbidgee District. Jump in at a comfort level that suits you: from state-of-the-art hospitals that will remind you of the city, to a small multi-disciplinary health facility where you literally get to do it all. No matter where you choose, your learning will be nurtured and you’ll be well supported to operate at the top of your scope.And don’t worry - there are already oodles of young people here to welcome you: at work, in local clubs, at the pub, and down at the river!There’s also heaps to show your family when they come to visit, which is a breeze - you’ll be central to Sydney, Melbourne and Canberra. (You can always pop home for the weekend on a quick flight if you find a break in your social calendar!)Want to know more about the MLHD community? Visit us here.About Your RoleAs a patient centred professional, you will have endless opportunities to work in a truly diverse role flowing across our acute, aged care and emergency departments providing exceptional clinical care. Our vast L&amp;D framework library, along with leadership mentoring and peer support will guiding you along the way to work to the top of your scope of practice.The beauty of working as a Registered Nurse in a rural setting is the warm and supportive welcome you receive both inside and outside of work, we love our nurses! Diverse cultures, personalities, skillset and background is what makes our teams truly dynamic.RequirementsThe Transition to Practice Program is designed to support registered nurses new to the practice of either Emergency, Intensive Care or Perioperative Nursing. The programs each extend over 12 months, and requirements includes:Successful completion of the relevant modules within the Participants WorkbookAttendance at scheduled Learning Days (including ALS1 competence)CAPE at 3months, 6 months &amp; 12 months with NUM / CNEA MLHD Certificate of Completion is received once requirements are successfully met.Please note MLHD have vacancies for May 2024 and August 2024 Intake at various locations*Learn More About The Role And Requirements Here.Upgrade Your Career and Lifestyle at MLHDGo on, you’ve earned a promotion, a world-class workplace, inspiring colleagues, award-winning staﬀ and patient programs - all wrapped up in a rich tapestry of cultural treasures. Contact Mary-Anne Bradshaw, Nurse Manager Workforce and Practice on 02 5943 2097 or Maryanne.Bradshaw@health.nsw.gov.au now for a confidential chat.Your application will require you to include a resume and cover letter outlining your skills and experience and why you are a good fit for this position.New applicants must have completed the COVID-19 primary vaccination course prior to commencement with NSW Health or provide an approved medical contraindication certificate. Should a medical contraindication certificate be provided, ongoing employment post certificate expiry is conditional to meeting COVID-19 vaccination requirements. MLHD is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourage all suitably qualified applicants to apply, including Aboriginal People and people from racial, ethnic, or ethno-religious minority groups and people with disability. Show more 